com/example/TestProject/web/command/GoTo/GoToLogin.java
 com.example.TestProject.web.command.GoTo.GoToLogin
com/example/TestProject/db/EntityMapper.java
 com.example.TestProject.db.EntityMapper
com/example/TestProject/web/command/AppLocalizationCommand.java
 com.example.TestProject.web.command.AppLocalizationCommand
com/example/TestProject/web/command/RegisterCommand.java
 com.example.TestProject.web.command.RegisterCommand
com/example/TestProject/db/Role.java
 com.example.TestProject.db.Role
com/example/TestProject/Controller.java
 com.example.TestProject.Controller
com/example/TestProject/db/entity/User.java
 com.example.TestProject.db.entity.User
com/example/TestProject/Path.java
 com.example.TestProject.Path
com/example/TestProject/db/entity/Procedure.java
 com.example.TestProject.db.entity.Procedure
com/example/TestProject/web/command/GoTo/GoToRegister.java
 com.example.TestProject.web.command.GoTo.GoToRegister
com/example/TestProject/db/PerformanceStatus.java
 com.example.TestProject.db.PerformanceStatus
com/example/TestProject/web/command/Command.java
 com.example.TestProject.web.command.Command
com/example/TestProject/db/entity/Review.java
 com.example.TestProject.db.entity.Review
com/example/TestProject/db/entity/Master.java
 com.example.TestProject.db.entity.Master
com/example/TestProject/db/entity/Entity.java
 com.example.TestProject.db.entity.Entity
com/example/TestProject/db/entity/testDBConnection.java
 com.example.TestProject.db.entity.testDBConnection
com/example/TestProject/db/entity/CategoryProcedure.java
 com.example.TestProject.db.entity.CategoryProcedure
com/example/TestProject/db/dao/ProcedureDAO.java
 com.example.TestProject.db.dao.ProcedureDAO
 com.example.TestProject.db.dao.ProcedureDAO$1
 com.example.TestProject.db.dao.ProcedureDAO$ProcedureMapper
com/example/TestProject/db/dao/UserDAO.java
 com.example.TestProject.db.dao.UserDAO
 com.example.TestProject.db.dao.UserDAO$1
 com.example.TestProject.db.dao.UserDAO$UserMapper
com/example/TestProject/db/entity/Order.java
 com.example.TestProject.db.entity.Order
com/example/TestProject/db/entity/TimeSlot.java
 com.example.TestProject.db.entity.TimeSlot
com/example/TestProject/db/dao/OrderDAO.java
 com.example.TestProject.db.dao.OrderDAO
 com.example.TestProject.db.dao.OrderDAO$1
 com.example.TestProject.db.dao.OrderDAO$OrderMapper
com/example/TestProject/db/dao/CategoryProcedureDAO.java
 com.example.TestProject.db.dao.CategoryProcedureDAO
 com.example.TestProject.db.dao.CategoryProcedureDAO$1
 com.example.TestProject.db.dao.CategoryProcedureDAO$CategoryProcedureMapper
com/example/TestProject/db/Payment_Status.java
 com.example.TestProject.db.Payment_Status
com/example/TestProject/db/Fields.java
 com.example.TestProject.db.Fields
com/example/TestProject/db/DBManager.java
 com.example.TestProject.db.DBManager
com/example/TestProject/web/command/LogInCommand.java
 com.example.TestProject.web.command.LogInCommand
com/example/TestProject/db/dao/MasterDAO.java
 com.example.TestProject.db.dao.MasterDAO
 com.example.TestProject.db.dao.MasterDAO$1
 com.example.TestProject.db.dao.MasterDAO$MasterMapper
com/example/TestProject/db/dao/TimeSlotDAO.java
 com.example.TestProject.db.dao.TimeSlotDAO
 com.example.TestProject.db.dao.TimeSlotDAO$1
 com.example.TestProject.db.dao.TimeSlotDAO$TimeSlotMapper
com/example/TestProject/web/command/GoTo/GoToMainPage.java
 com.example.TestProject.web.command.GoTo.GoToMainPage
com/example/TestProject/web/command/CommandContainer.java
 com.example.TestProject.web.command.CommandContainer
